[Music]
hello guys
i'm recapping a horror movie the queen
of black magic
as the film starts we see a couple the
male's name is haniff.he was going
somewhere with his wife and three kids
in fact
he was an orphan who was adopted by
someone that he spent his childhood in
an
orphanage home now its owner was sick
they were going to that orphanage home
to see him
they were driving the car meanwhile they
feel that something has hit their car
they get off the car
and see there was a dead deer at the
corner of the road
they feel sad but they move from there
when they move we are shown that a girl
is at the corner of the road and she was
soaked in blood that we can't judge was
she
alive or dead soon they reached that
orphanage home
reaching there hanef sees his many
childhood friends
they grow up with him in the orphanage
home they also come to know about the
owner dot so they all get happy after
meeting each other
hanif comes to know that except for two
kids all were adopted
those two kids grow up in this orphanage
home
and they still live here these childhood
friends have grown elder and a girl
except them named ronnie
she shows hanif and others the orphanage
home with another girl
ronnie tells very much about her that
she comes to this orphanage when she was
of 10 years
well she says that i believe that my
mother will return to take me
she shows them all their rooms during
this hannah's son named haki was going
to a room
its door was closed for many years and
ronnie sees him
she starts telling me about that room
that many years before there was a
caretaker of this orphanage home she
lives in this room
but she said about a girl that she is
haunted and she is possessed
and she screams at that girl soon that
girl was lost and none knows about her
that caretaker was gone insane none can
control her
the orphanage management decided to
imprison her in her room
she was locked in her room she shouted a
lot that someone could bring her out
she starts hitting her head with the
door but before the door is open she was
dead
till then this door is closed aki gets
scared and he goes to his father hanif
there hanif was also talking about this
while showing the picture of the
caretaker that she was mad
well they all have dinner now when hanif
goes to his car he gets astonished after
seeing his
car's front there was blood and a piece
of cloth on his car's bonnet hanif gets
suspicious that it was the deer whom he
collapsed or someone else that he goes
to that place with his friend
the deer was still there but his friend
sees that there is a girl on the other
side of the road she was still there and
she was dead
with it there was a bus that was an
orphanage homes bus
there were many babies were inside that
bus they go inside the bus
and see that all the babies were injured
when they see
they come to know that their faces were
ruined and they were killed badly
surely this wasn't an accident these
kids were killed willingly
they were shocked by all this and they
call the police but there was a network
problem
they think that they should take that
girl to the orphanage with them
because the police station was at a far
distance from here and when they reach
the orphanage a man asks them
this time from where you are coming and
he sees the dead body of that girl in
their car
hanif tells him all the incidents that i
hit that girl with my car
they all get scared and the weirdest
thing is that i have seen a bus there
there were many dead kids in it and call
someone immediately but there was a
network problem so the call couldn't
place
that boy says to hanif and his companion
that i will go there and see
how did this incident happen he alone
moves to that road
going there he goes inside the bus and
sees that the kids were not dead
they were standing in the other
direction before he goes near them and
sees he gets scared that he tries to get
off the bus
but before this the door of the bus was
closed
he remains on the bus meanwhile he feels
that there is someone outside the bus in
a black costume
while seeing them the kids in the bus
started moving
many insects were coming out of
something in the bus those
insects go inside the body of that man
that it is a very creepy scene
that man dies because of those insects
dot on the other side
we see a girl there was a knife an apple
in her hand
she was seeing herself in the mirror she
feels that she is fat while seeing in
the mirror
she starts cutting her body while seeing
in the mirror that it seems like this
girl is also possessed
none can harm their own body like this
on another side we see one more girl who
was sleeping on her bed but some worms
fell on her
those worms go inside her body she feels
pain
meanwhile the husband of that girl
arrives the girl who was cutting herself
after seeing in the mirror he gets
scared after seeing her but when that
girl comes to her senses she sees her
condition and gets scared she faints
again seeing this condition of his wife
he immediately calls hanif and his wife
meanwhile that girl whose body was
filled with worms also arrives there
she vomits blood and many worms come out
of her body but still
some worms were in her body and they
were slithering in her body
because of it she was feeling creepy she
starts peeling off her skin dot to take
out those worms
from her body but her condition was
getting worse now hanif's wife while
driving the car taking them to the
hospital doc to know that what's the
problem with them
but here something strange happened
because they moved to the hospital but
they again come to the orphanage home
this means their path was turned into a
cube that it was repeating again and
again they become worried about this
here hanif tells a thing that the
caretaker of this orphanage home
she was a bad girl dot it is the
incident before 25 years
she oppresses those kids because she
practices black magic and because of it
she sacrificed three kids
but hanif and his two friends have seen
it before she holds them
they run from there those were the
friends who were together yet but one of
them was killed on the bus
might be possible that the caretaker is
still behind them
that's why when they were escaping from
there they again reached the orphanage
home that it means now their path was
changed into a loop
the owner of that orphanage home also
comes to know it dot so he said to those
kids that we will imprison this
caretaker in her room
hanif and his friend didn't tell this
anyone before but today they have shared
this thing
that we have buried that caretaker after
her death on the floor of that room dot
on the other side
we see hannah's elder son and he staples
his lips with a stapler meanwhile
we also see hackie was playing a video
on a video player but then he sees
someone's dreadful face
he runs to his elder brother his elder
brother was not in his control dot he
shoots him with a gun
but it didn't harm him because rats were
shot with that gun
meanwhile hanif and his wife also came
there and planned to move from here with
their kids
they couldn't find their sons then
hanef's wife goes to the room of the
owner that he was lying on his bed and
was sick
she sees under his bed she finds a box
there were some photographs in it those
were of some girls and seeing them it
was clear
that this sick owner wasn't a good man
that he beats the girls that he used to
misbehave with them the caretaker whom
we understanding evil
actually she was so nice she wanted to
save the girls from that owner but he
doesn't want to reveal his secret
why don't i make this story with the
kids
that this caretaker is bad and possessed
that's why she was locked in a room
so that she will be killed there and
will be buried there do they think that
if this owner was a bad man then who is
doing all this
because the owner is sick they suspect
ronnie maybe the owner abused her and
tries to kill her but that's why she is
taking revenge on all
meanwhile she also comes there she tells
them no
maybe that caretaker is doing all this
the caretaker was killed brutally
meanwhile the girl also comes out whom
they were thinking is dead after
collapsing in hannaf's car
she tells them that what happened to
them we all were going to the picnic
from the orphanage home
but then a woman in a black dress comes
on our bus when she comes all kids were
possessed and they lose their control
this happened because of black magic she
was saying some magical spells but i was
spared and wasn't possessed in them
because there were headphones on my ears
and i didn't hear those magical spells
but as i saw those kids i run from there
that i hide in the fields and then
hannah's uncle's car hits me
but i am not dead it is my luck that i
am still alive that i am telling you
everything after coming here so that you
can figure out it
that what happened actually hannah feels
bad
that the caretaker wasn't a bad lady
he was regretting on it that why he
killed her on that owner saying
he goes in anger to press the neck of
that owner because he was aggressive
with him but his wife stops him to do
this
hanif finds a photograph there and there
was that girl's name
was written behind the photo the girl
who was missing now he was understanding
maybe she is the girl who is doing all
this
they were about to move from here but
hannah's son comes there
they were injured they were going out
but a lady in a black dress
comes in front of them she was the same
girl who was missing many years before
that lady starts doing black magic while
using that technique she was about to
press hanif's neck
she also possessed nadia who was about
to kill her
ronnie comes from behind and hits her
do you know who was ronnie she was the
daughter of the woman wearing a black
dress
then while using her magic she starts
giving pain
to the people present in the orphanage
someone suffers from body pain and
someone's fingers were broken
then they come to that room where that
caretaker was buried
the candles were blowing there which
means there will be some ritual
performed
hanef's wife asks that lady that why are
you doing this
okay we agree that you can give pain to
them who killed than lady
but why you killed those small kids
that girl says that it was better and if
they will live here they will also be
misbehaved
it's good that i killed them then that
lady says to hanif's wife
that your husband was also included in
all this
that's why if you will kill your husband
then i will let you go from here with
your sons hanef's wife
couldn't do this meanwhile their elder
son named [ __ ]
stabs that lady the lady was in a black
dress
while seeing hanif's wife cuts her neck
her neck detaches from her body
but she joins her neck again she was
coming again
to attack them but hanef's wife throws
those candles on her that was blown for
rituals
this was the only thing that can kill
her
because these ritual candles have a lot
of powers
and that girl dies because of it
here her black magic also removes
the possessed people come to their
senses
they get ready to move from the
orphanage home
but they couldn't take out that owner
from there because it was the time for
him to get punishment for his sins now
we see the scene
after some days hanif's wife was going
to take her sons from school
but then outside the car the shadow of
that girl is shown
whom they killed some days before
when she comes out she didn't find that
girl anywhere
with it this movie ends here
thank you for watching